
    Hello James,
    Wow you went for full range drivers!
    You may want 300B tubes as well haha.

    Your TERRA 6L6PP shipped today and it will arrive early next week.

    I am thinking of some Q&A forum  on my website, but it will take time.
    In the meantime, I am attaching some emails between my customers regarding
    6L6PP vs. 300B(long~).

    Let me know if you have any questions!
    Cheers,
    Kiho

    300B VS. 6L6PP

    300B has crystal clear highs but 6L6PP has tight, deep, and fuller bass.

    Single ended (2A3, 300B) has their own characteristics
    especially in the high frequency, so transparent and clear.

    But mid freq, 6L6PP is much fuller and especially 6L6PP bass is astounding.

    In bass, 300B cannot match the speed of 6L6PP.

    If you use high efficiency(95dB+) horn or full range and mainly listen
    to vocal or chamber, then 300B can be an answer.

    However, if you want some symphony or rock music including lush Jazz,
    6L6PP can be the answer.

     
    6L6PP: perfect control of bass, very fast and articulate.
             fuller mid, clear high
             better for orchestra, rock, lush jazz
           speaker efficiency: 80-90dB recommended(but many happy customers with 100dB+ horn speakers)
           https://brunocoaudio.com/pages/customer-reviews
     
    300B(2A3): luscious high 
                 best for acoustic, vocal, chamber music
              speaker efficiency: 90dB+ recommended
     
     
    JEFF, TEXAS 
    Email between my customer JEFF(who bought both TERRA 6L6PP and TERRA 300B) and other audiophile
     
    A. 240521
    They are both great pieces and great values. Built like tanks (or
    battleships really) super nice fit and finish and if you opt for remote volume, it works very well on both amps.

    Not knowing what speakers you are driving and what efficiency, I’ll just
    say this; the 6L6 PP punches above its weight class. I have
    driven speakers all the way down to 87dB with it - not
    stadium rock at full volume, but pretty loud. It doesn’t run out
    of power easily. And what’s more it has the dynamic and full
    sound that a big amp (100 or 200 wpc) can give you
    but also has the intimacy, juiciness, and fine detail of a 20
    watt tube amp. Mine came with JJ tubes, the amp is quite
    neutral so you can dial in the sound with tube rolling. I’ve
    enjoyed the Gold Lion KT66, but the Tung-Sol 7581A and especially 

    the Tung-Sol 7027A really are nice with that amp and a few
    different Omega speakers (really all speakers I’ve tried it on).

    Kiho can tell you the whole extensive list of outputs you can
    try but I only have sufficient hours on the aforementioned to comment.
    Also more 12AU7 variants than most input types, so it will take
    years of fun to try all the possibilities. With the stock tubes,
    mine had get up and go right out of the box. Dynamic
    with deep bass slam and a lively character, took the usual 200
    to 300 hours to break-in. I know dynamic, deep bass slam and
    zero feedback, low power tube amp sounds like a dichotomy or mutually
    exclusive, but that’s what makes it so great!

    The 300B sounds exactly like you think it should. Mine came with
    perforated plate Chinese Psvane tubes. Deep, rich, succulent sound with a very
    sweet top! Kiho burned mine in for a couple of weeks and
    I could tell - It’s the best sounding 300B amp by far in
    that price range I know of. Be aware it uses AC heating
    and depending on tube choice the hum pots can only dial the
    hum down so low. 94 or 95 dB speakers, you can get
    the hum way down to where it doesn’t matter and with different
    tubes possibly down to about zero. But if you are using 105dB
    horns like any AC heated DHT amp - there WILL be some
    hum. ->Now at production version, TERRA 300B is very quiet with no hum/no hum pots!

    I am currently driving 88 dB efficient Ascend Acoustics Sierra 2EX Version 2
    - very stiffly braced solid wood cabinets (proprietary SEAS 6 inch with RAAL
    4ish inch ribbon) with port plugs inserted which makes it a sealed
    enclosure that is even less efficient than rated and doesn’t go as
        low as with port plugs out, but I’m using a pair of
    REL S/510 running off the speaker taps and it’s surprisingly loud in
    my 12x15 office and it REALLY sounds good on those inefficient speakers.
    I did not turn it up super loud as with only 7 or
    8 watts you have to be realistic. I should tell you the RAAL
    (like most ribbons) are super revealing as in don’t even try a
    transistor amp on them - with the 6L6 version the tweeters are
    sweet enough and still quite revealing, with the 300B version they are
    super airy, delicate and sweet and the mids everyone wants and compelling bass.

     

    The cool thing is all the speakers and the REL subs driven
    from the speaker taps of either amp have the deep tight punch
    and grrrr usually only associated with solid state at super low frequencies
    - but with the depth of soundstage, delineation of timber, and sweet top
    end even with ribbons and stats that transistors can never do in
    their wildest dreams. Keep in mind the RELs have that deep grrrr
    coming from the Terra amps so it blends perfectly - most tube amps cannot do that.

     

    I would say if you can live with the limitations of a 300B
    amp - go for it - BUT UNDERSTAND you won’t have enough
    power to play inefficient speakers loud or a black enough background on
    super efficient speakers due to AC heating.  BTW AC heating is employed
    in the vast majority of 300B amps because 1) it sounds better
    and 2) DC heating is harder on DHTs (shortening the life of
    the tube) according to the original Western Electric specs, and most 300B
    tube makers and amp builders seem to agree. It’s just the nature
        of the beast that you have a narrow efficiency range with 300Bs.
    Also, I have tried a lot of different 300Bs in the Terra
    and even the cheap ones sound good (they just get better better
    as you pay more!!!), and it is also neutral enough to make
    for lots of tube rolling fun.

     

    Also don’t get me wrong you can just plug in the tubes
    that come with either amp and be done. It’s just that tube
    rolling is not only fun, but it will keep an amp in
    the family for years, even decades as when you change speakers and
    find the sound too fat or too lean you can get leaner
    or fatter sounding tubes or if the sound is too bright, darker
    sounding tubes, or if the perspective is too laid-back, you can get
    more forward tubes and so on - thus the price of a
    set of tubes essentially gives you a whole new amplifier. And three
    or four sets of tubes gives you three or four different sounding
    amplifiers to suit your mood. Not only can transistor amplifiers not do
    that, but most tube amplifiers are voiced for a particular tube rather
    than being neutral and thus don’t have as many tube rolling options.

     

    You really cannot go wrong with either choice, it’s simply a question
    of speaker, efficiency and whether or not you are addicted to SET
    sound. I used to be but the speaker limitations eventually got me
    to go back to the wide range of octal choices. Remember the
    6L6 PP has just about three times the power of the 300B
    amp, that’s 6 dB more efficiency you have when choosing speaker pairings.
        And that is a whole lot.

     
    I wish I knew you, your musical tastes, your sources, your room, your
    preferred loudness level, what speakers you aspire to next-but that would take
    longer than either of us have.

     

    So TLDR, the Terra 6L6 PP sounds as good as many DHT
    SETs, and offers the versatility of 20 W per channel at a
    SUPER affordable price and frankly sounds like more power than that. The
    Terra 300B sounds as good as 300B amps costing WAAAAAY more. I
    bought the 6L6 PP because of Jay‘s review, which is an accurate
    review even as over the top as it is. I bought the
    300B based on how much I liked the 6L6 PP. At this
    point, I can’t part with either of them so they are both in systems in different rooms.

     

    Hope this helps, enjoy the music,

     

    B.241115

    Hi John,

    I’m using re-built crossover Reference RT-7s (8 inch transmission line loaded woofer,
    7 inch ribbon tweeter) about 90 or 91 dB efficient. A pair of
        Rel S/510s on the bottom. Very 3D!

    Other 300B amps run out of gas on these, however the Brunoco doesn’t.

     

    I originally bought the 6L6PP as an office amp, however upon listening, I
    realized Bruno (Kiho) really knew something about the old RCA (theater amp
    circuits). I enjoy old movies beginning with "talkies” - if you listen
    carefully the RCA Sound System had better bass, and lower distortion, while
    the Western Electric System had more top end (and distortion) and more dynamic range.

     

    Bottom line: I was so impressed with the 6L6PP and Kiho’s knowledge
    of power supplies, transformers, and what lets the music through encumbered, that
    I bought the 300B without knowing anything about it. They both way outclass
    anything I’m aware of in their price range. I am a bit
    of an SET fan, and I listen to the 300B Brunoco as
    much or more than anything I own. I think Kiho is doing
    this out of love of hi-fi rather than a profit making business.
    Once you see and hear one of his amps, you’ll realize how
    much you are getting for your money AND made in a first
    world democracy rather than a communist slave labor country.

     

    Also, tube rolling the 6SN7s is as effective as rolling the 300Bs.
    You will spend a great deal more on tubes with the 300B
    (anyone’s 300B amp), but for me it’s worth it.

     

    Lastly, these are the first integrated amps I’ve owned since college (it
    is my belief separates are superior). Once the lights are dimmed and
    the music starts playing however, I no longer care with the Brunocos
    (as long as I see some tubes glowing somewhere). If 8 watts
    will do it for you and you don’t mind tube rolling (for
    the depth and shimmer you require) the 300B is it.

     

    Wish I could say more. . .

     

    j




    On Nov 15, 2024, at 11:20 AM, John wrote:

    ﻿What type of speakers are you using with your Brunoco 300B?

     

    Thanks.

     

    John

     

    On Nov 13, 2024, at 2:38 PM, JM wrote:

    ﻿

    Thanks, Jeff. I wasn’t expecting such a quick response. 

     

    My dilemma is choosing between the Terra 6L6PP or the Terra 300B.
    I am listening to Acoustic Technologies Classic loudspeakers. They use a single 3-inch
    driver in a back-loaded horn configuration. The efficiency is rated at 8
    ohms with having a 93dB sensitivity - no crossover. I have a
    REL T5 doing low end duty with Townshend super tweeters up top.
    I mostly stream in jazz sitting in a medium size room, 14 x
    17 feet. I don’t listen at loud volumes but, I do like
    having image density and fullness served up well done.

     

    I did trial an Allnic HP300 amp recently but had to pare back
    my cash outlay due to a family situation. That 300B amp had
    such nice tonal richness and “music power” it was hard to believe
    the amount of dig the bass had to it. However, the top
    end was missing shimmer and sheen. Plus, I had a hard time
    hearing into the back of the sound field with the amount of
        clarity I am used to hearing. I like clarity with my cream.
    Allnic recommended to try a couple versions of 300B tubes by a
    Korean company called, Stradi. But, that was not to come about.

     

    At any rate, I am retired and after being in this hobby
    for almost 50 years, and going through many amplifiers ( the exception
        being a GAS Son of Ampzilla), I am looking forward getting the
        definitive amp I can sail into the sunset with. 

     

    Thanks much, Jeff.

     

    John

    Omaha

     

    On Nov 13, 2024, at 1:50 PM, J wrote:

    ﻿﻿If you’re looking for a 300B amp the Brunoco is fantastic choice!

    As you must be aware 300B tubes vary in price from very
    expensive to stratospheric. My Brunoco came with Chinese, sort of mesh, really
    punched plate tubes - about the cheapest 300B out there - and I was immediately pleased.

    It had a sweet, rather ethereal treble, really good midrange, and surprisingly
    good bottom end. It was then and still is the most dynamic
    300B amp in my stable. Literally, I’ve never heard eight watts be so dynamic.

    Mine is righteously heavy, has great case work and build quality (I did get the remote option).

    Be aware, the amp has good enough internals to let you experience
    the full plethora of 300 tubes. I probably have more than half
    of what’s currently available and can tell you when you move up
    the ladder of better tubes you will definitely be rewarded. In other words, the Brunoco
    is a lifetime keeper. 

    I am currently running Elrog TM300B tubes in it. . .fantastic sound! I
    can also recommend Western Electric 300B and Cryotone 300B. The money spent
    on tubes will reward you. You won’t believe that at first because
    it sounds sooooo nice with stock tubes. Seriously, as the years go
    by and the itch grabs you, a pair of higher end 300B
    tubes is all you’ll need - it’s like a whole new amp!
    In short this amp has all the magic, plus deep tight bass,
    and a sweet smooth top end with an extra kick - a
    bit of power instead of the usual sag of other 300B amps.
    If you want a high end 300B amp and have ~$3,500 to spend. . .you can’t go wrong!

     

    Hope this helps.

     

        jOn Nov 13, 2024, at 12:20 PM, JM wrote:

    ﻿Hello Jeff,

    I have been considering buying a Brunoco amp and have been struggling on
    making a decision. There is so little info out there on the
    300B version. It’s been like searching in the dark with a dim
    flashlight. I sent a few questions to Brunoco asking for more information
    and asked permission if it was okay to contact you.

    If you have time, and with your permission, I would appreciate your
    input and opinions on which amp to buy. A phone call or email, either way is appreciated.

    Thank you for considering the request.

    Best,

    John

     
     
     
    B.241222

     
    ﻿Good afternoon Vince,

    Just got back from last minute Christmas shopping and now changing clothes
    so we can be off to dinner, so let me see if
    can address some of what you mention while I’m in front of a computer.

    First, wow, quite an email! I can’t possibly address everything, however, I
    will mention a couple of things that may shed some light.

    1) A speaker over ~95/96 dB efficient can begin to reveal noise
    in any system and for better or worse all AC heated 300B
    tubes will hum to some degree or another, it’s a matter of
    whether you can hear it in your system. If the hum and
    noise rating of an amp is minus 100 dB you are good
    to go with speakers in the mid 90dB efficiency range. . .unless
    your set of tubes starts to hum a bit more loudly than
    before - As in they still sound great, they are not worn
    out, but they make a bit of noise. 300Bs were designed for
    alternating current heating and supposedly DC heated units (headphone amplifiers) don’t sound
    quite as nice all else being equal. Also direct current heating is
    reputedly harder on 300B tubes, burning through them about 30 to 35%
    faster. Kiho does provide hum pots right on the top plate of
    the amp, thus adjusting for the lowest hum level is a snap.

    Hum, buzzing, transistor hiss and tube rush really bug the cr@p out
    of me, consequently, just about my entire stable of speakers are ~95
    dB efficient or lower. That fact keeps me well away from noise
    problems. Think of the shows or concerts you’ve been to where the
    PA speakers hummed, buzzed, hissed, etc., when the musicians were not playing
    - it’s inevitable, PA speakers have to be super efficient to fill an
    auditorium and consequently, you will hear noise from any amplifier being used.


    I have not encountered any noise or hum problems with the Terra 300B,
    in fact it is as quiet or quieter than other 300B amps
        I have, but again my speakers range from 84 to about 95 dB
    efficiency. Having said all that, if you go with a speaker even
    a touch more efficient (like even 97dB), you may or may not run
    into hum, tube rush or transistor hiss (transistor hiss is particularly problematic
    as there are no user changeable or serviceable parts in a soiled
    state amp) - it’s the nature of the efficient speaker beast. Terra
    6L6 because of the tubes used is quieter at higher volumes, and
    of course it’s more than twice the power of the 300B amp,
    In fact, the Terra 6L6 is quieter than some transistor amps I’ve had.

    2) Coming from a different angle than Kiho a bit here, as
    you specifically mention big band, rock and large orchestra as well as
    playing at auditorium levels once in a while. The 6L6 is better
    suited for all of the above. Not that a 300B can’t rock,
    but to do so it requires a rather efficient speaker, and again
    the more efficient the speaker, the more noise you may encounter when
    really pushing up the volume. When one goes to auditorium SPL levels,
    there’s a fairly narrow band or sweet spot between efficient enough to
    play that loudly and being too efficient, thus revealing system noise. Kiho’s
    300B amp is quiet relative to other 300B amps and it’s very
    dynamic (although the 6L6 is quieter and also quite dynamic), so you
    may be fine with either one.

    With most tube sets, I have tried in the Terra 300B, I
    have to turn the volume control up all the way to detect
    hum when adjusting the hum pots, way higher on the volume knob
    than the speakers could stand if playing. I do this more for
    peace of mind so that whatever 300B amp I’m listening to is
    even quieter (although I didn’t hear any hum to start with) than
    if I hadn’t adjusted before beginning my listening session. Because I roll
            tubes all the time, the quietest spot is always different - BUT
        I don’t mean to scare you. . .It is not a problem,
        but instead great fun, and once you get into tubes, you won’t
        look back. So many people avoid tube gear because they are afraid
        a tube will fail, or after some number of years the tubes
        will wear out. One should really think of it as tires on
        a car. Yes occasionally one goes flat and for a tiny fraction
        of the cost of a new car one replaces the tire. Also
        with a transistor amp one has to live with it’s particular sound
        signature, there is simply no changing it. With a tube amp, for
        small fraction of the price of a new amp one can change
        the sound signature - in fact, I recommend after letting the amp
        and original tubes break in for a few hundred hours, it’s good
        clean fun to experiment with tube rolling. It is usually true that
        one can find multiple sets of tubes that work better with different
        types of music or mood. It’s like having three or four or
        more different amplifiers to suit your taste while spending soooooo much less
        money than keeping lots of different amplifiers on hand would cost.

    3) These are not your dad’s old McIntosh or Marantz units that
    sound super pretty but just lay there and don’t really get up
    and go. Both the Terras will get up and go nicely within
    their respective power ratings! However, they still will give you the pretty,
    sweet, holographic, can listen all day without ear fatigue magic that only
    tubes can give you. I will also say the transformers are absolutely
    "killer", as both amps couple very well with every speaker I own
    (about a dozen pair), and I’ve NEVER had that happen with other
    amplifiers.

    4) While I have not heard the Pure Audio Project speakers
        specifically, I’ve owned and heard many open baffle/dipole speakers (electrostats, ribbons, planer
    magnetic as well as dynamic open baffle like the Pure Audio Project
    including several Decware units. I can tell you that regardless of the
    efficiency rating of open baffle speakers, they do tend to do better
    with more power and more dynamic swing to achieve a believable sound
    pressure level. If going that route, it’s just another reason to consider
    Terra 6L6.

    Tube rolling a 300B amp, even with the least costly tubes is
    EXPENSIVE! And if you want the really good tubes, you’re looking at
    maybe $1500 to well over $3000 for a single pair of power
    tubes. That same money can buy you perhaps 6 or even 8
    quads of 6L6 power tubes, including some pretty nice NOS units -
    Lots of different flavors for different moods and different music types. And
    don’t forget rolling the 6SN7s regardless of which amp you choose as
    they will make as much difference as the power tubes.

    5) Since
    this is your first foray into tubes let me just mention a
    couple of things about 6L6s, 300Bs and Brunoco. . . If you
    read folks who have limited experience, you will read that the 6L6
    is a guitar tube and while it’s popular with electric guitar players,
    it certainly was not invented for that purpose. It was invented to
    be the most powerful, lowest distortion, and most linear high fidelity power
    tube that RCA engineers could make. Many argue it has never been
    bested, continually refined, yes, but never bested. 6L6 is the oldest and
    longest continually produced tube in human history - because it simply sounds
    great in so many applications, it really kicks @ss! First produced by
    RCA, as a major refinement of a Marconi Osram (EMI/GEC England) design, it
    instantly became the most popular power tube on the planet. Used in
        radio sets, PA amps, recording studios, transmitters, music amplifiers, everywhere really. RCA
    kept refining it for decades and everyone else was playing catch up.
    It reproduces the human voice and piano (two of the hardest sounds
    to reproduce realistically), and it will do it so well (think original
    RCA theater sound systems) while also having the ability to rock out.
    Almost all power tubes invented since are simply more powerful, not better
    sounding necessarily. Sure, everyone has their favorite power tube but that there
    has been continuous demand and continuous production since 1936 until now speaks
    volumes. And again at more than twice the power output of the
    Terra 300B. Also Brunoco’s 6L6 Terra is a push pull design, think
    more grip, more jump, more pop, more power and whether you’re listening
    to Brian Jones, Mick Taylor, or Ronnie Wood playing with Keith Richards
    you may want that!

    The 300B was specifically invented to reproduce the
    human voice (think many of them in series each adding it’s own
    distortion to the next one, as in across the country phone calls
    10, 20 or more tube amps stretched out across the country, each
    amplifying whatever distortion the previous produced (and yet at the end of
    the line, still being able to immediately recognize an individuals voice), or
    early undersea cables with 300B amps boosting the signal every so many
    miles with the same low additive distortion result. That low odd harmonic
    distortion is why they eventually became Western Electric’s mainstay for their famed
    theater systems. Their ability to reproduce deep bass and very sweet highs
    is why the audiophile community eventually discovered, and began to love them
    (50 years after their invention. 

     

    Terra 300B is a single ended triode
        design with less of what the 6L6 has and a bit more
    sweetness on top and in the midrange but has no tube pulling
    while the other pushes your drivers, thus less grip and control, all
        else being equal. The 300B tube is perhaps more subtle, perhaps more
            refined, perhaps a bit more holographic. In fact the 300B tube just
            plain has a bit more magic, yet less control (run as an
            SET). However, because Kiho has carefully designed and expertly voiced these amps
            to NOT lack what the other can do. . .quite literally the
            6L6 Terra will surprise you with it’s magic holographic sound and sweetness
            and the 300B Terra will surprise you with its ability to rock
            and grip deep down in the bass region. There is a Brunoco
            house sound - beautiful, but not gooey, powerful and dynamic, yet not
            at all transistor-like, not etched or gritty, smooth yet detailed at the
            same time - truly a high end "shhh, did you hear that,
            I never heard that in this cut before" kind of house sound.
            But physics being what physics is, there are limits and one must
            decide what attributes are more important. Put another way you may read
            that 300B amps can be a bit gooey, prone to compress, too
            sweet, a bit soft in the bass and a bit rolled off
            on top - more suited for strictly a late night situation. In
            fact, this is often the case with many 300B amplifiers, however, NOT
            so with the Brunoco. These attributes or lack thereof are traits of
            amp design, components chosen, and way, way importantly - THE TRANSFORMERS.

    You
    may also read that the 6L6 is a bit rough and ready,
    and while it has the slam necessary to do hard rock it
    may not have the finesse necessary, say for early Miles. This can
    all be true with lesser amps, but again NOT with the Brunoco.
    And there are so many different choices in the 6L6 family at
        a fraction of the cost of a similar quality 300B. You can literally
    dial in as many different flavors with 6L6 as with 300B. .
    .for so much less money.

    They are both great amps, providing real
    high end sound at what I think is a shockingly low price.
    Coming from solid state to either Terra will start you on a
    journey of discovery. You’ll notice a much better soundstage, you’ll want to
    play around with speaker positioning, and discover no matter what speakers you’re
    listening to, with a little playing around with positioning - instead of
    the musicians being in your room, if you close your eyes, you’ll
    be able to space and time travel back to the original venue.
    The soundstage of the Terra 300B is wide and way, way deep
    with even the stock tubes (seems to be not as tube dependent
    as most amps which is a bit counterintuitive). The Terra 6L6, while
    I can’t give you a percentage, I can tell you it’s close to
    as good in soundstage , although more tube dependent.

    In short 300B,
    a bit more magic while being more expensive to tube roll. 6L6, a
    bit more versatile, practical and powerful. As long as you’re willing to
    accept the characteristics of each , I really think you’ll be tickled
    pink with either amp.

    I wish I could choose for you, but
    I couldn’t even choose for myself. I hope I’ve answered a couple of
    your questions.

    Enjoy the music!

        Jeff


    ﻿

    Good morning, Jeff,

    My name
    is Vince Proctor and I live in Ogden Utah. I have been
    in contact with Kiho regarding the purchase of one of his Terra
    integrated amps. He sent me several of your emails to other clients
    regarding your impressions of his 6L6 and 300B amps. I am impressed
    with your expertise and would appreciate your guidance as well.

    This is
    my first time in the tube world. My current rig consists of
    a Hafler DH-200 amp, Marantz SC500 pre-amp (just died), Technics SL1210MK3 turntable with
    a Gold Note 2200 MM, and Tekton Design Pendragon (original 8ohm) speakers. My
    listening space is now 14’ x 22’ in dimensions. I purchased the
    Pendragons 10 years ago when I lived in Oregon and my listening
    room was 20x40 and 16’ ceiling. They were incredible in that environment.


    I listen to a wide variety of music including male/female vocals, Jazz,
    both small combo (Coltrane, Davis, Parker etc) and big band- think Gordon
    Goodwin, Ellington, Basie. Lots of rock including Doobies, Toto, Stones and lots
    of acoustic guitar. Some classical of mostly large orchestra variety. Being an
    old fart and a retired music educator, my hearing isn’t what it
    once was. In my past life, the louder the better. Now I
    listen at normal listening volume with a venture back into auditorium level
        once in a while. Never stadium level anymore…LOL

    My plan includes the purchase of either the 6L6 or 300B Terra
    along with his Venus MC Phono and Kiho’s custom Denon 103 MC
    (boron cantilever/with line contact diamond tip. Kiho has reassured me his custom
    MC cartridge will blow away cartridges costing three times as much.

    As
    much as I love my Pendragons, due to the much smaller listening
    environment I have now, I am exploring other options including Klipsch La
    Scala’s. However, just this past week I started exploring open baffle design
    and am getting up to speed on Pure Audio Project Duet 15,
    Trio 15 along with Tekton Design Solitude (made in Utah) and the
    Clayton Shaw Caladan (made in SLC). All have 95db or better sensitivity
    dipole OB design.

    Having said that, I was originally brought to Brunoco
    by Jay Iyagi’s review of the 6L6. After several emails back and
    forth with Kiho, he is recommending I go with the 300B rather
    than the 6L6. My concern obviously lies with the power output of
    the 300B. Eric Alexander owner and designer of Tekton has been explicit
    in his recommendation that I go with as much power as possible
    and thus he recommends the Willsention 800R. That was my choice until
    I saw Jay’s review of the 6L6 Terra. After reading your impressions, I
    am certain the Terra is the integrated amp for me. The conundrum
    is; which one?

    Your emails regarding the 300B are interesting. Being new
    to the tube, please bear with my incompetence. Can you explain AC
    heating? You specifically discussed speakers of 105db horns and AC hum. With
        the La Scala’s on my radar, I need to know how the
    300B would impact those speakers.

    Changing the subject again. I have been
    auditioning as many YouTube videos
    of the Pure Audio Project and Caladan OB designs. I realize that
    YouTube compresses the audio and I take that into account. However, I
    am blown away by the Pure Audio Project D15 and T15. With
    their 96db sensitivity, would you give me the pros and cons of
    the 300B paired with OB such as Pure Audio Project? Would the
    6L6 be a better choice for OB’s?  Being on a fixed income,
    my ability to tube roll isn’t great. Hopefully, down the road and
    after saving more money, I would like to experiment with that as
    well. Would you be open to providing guidance along that line in
    the future?

    I can’t begin to tell you how much I appreciate
    your honest feedback regarding my concerns. Thanks for getting this far in
    my long winded diatribe.  The 6L6 was my first choice and then
    Kiho made his suggestion and now the conundrum.  Please understand, I realize
    you can only provide guidance. Ultimately it will be my decision to
    make. I trust Kiho implicitly; he is a master! I will be
    honest that I am leaning toward the 300B. However, I’ve only heard
    the 6L6 on his website, therefore, I’m not sure what the difference
    is regarding sound, sound stage etc. between the two choices. Your expertise
    will be invaluable. Bottom line: this adventure is really fun!!!!

    All the best,

    Vince 

